Add ERC721 precompile information (#114)
cennznet/wiki: EVM/ERC721-precompile.md

# ERC721 precompiles

## Interacting with the Runtime from EVM (Precompiles)

CENNZnet uses a precompile system to allow communication between the CENNZnet runtime and EVM contracts.
This allows native CENNZnet  NFTs to appear as regular ERC721s to ethereum tooling and contracts.

## Working with NFT

NFT implement the ERC721 abi. This allows them to be fully programmable and used anywhere a normal ERC721 token can.
To interact with a given CENNZnet NFT first derive its corresponding contract address.

> On CENNZnet, NFT is combination of collection id, series id and serial number <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On CENNZnet, a native NFT Id is a combination of collection id, series id and serial number  
```

NFT - [0, 0, 0] - nft created in collection id 0, series id 0 and serial number 0

Let us take a testnet NFT for [example](https://nikau.uncoverexplorer.com/extrinsic/4845487-1)
which is at collection id - 264, series id - 0 and serial number 0

Steps to derive the contract address of this NFT
1. All NFT starts with `0xAAAAAAAA`

>     The following distribution has been decided for the precompiles
>     0-1023: Ethereum Mainnet Precompiles
>     1024-2047 Precompiles that are not in Ethereum Mainnet but are neither CENNZnet specific
>     2048-4095 CENNZnet specific precompiles
>    NFT precompile addresses can only fall between
>    0xAAAAAAAA00000000000000000000000000000000 - 0xAAAAAAAAFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
>    /// The precompile for NFT series (X,Y) where X & Y are a u32 (i.e.8 bytes), 
>       0xAAAAAAAA + Bytes(CollectionId) + Bytes(SeriesId)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >NFT precompile addresses can only fall between
   >0xAAAAAAAA00000000000000000000000000000000 - 0xAAAAAAAAFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
   >/// The precompile for NFT series (X,Y) where X & Y are a u32 (i.e.8 bytes), 
   >0xAAAAAAAA + Bytes(CollectionId) + Bytes(SeriesId)
```
